Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a PhD degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Natural Sciences, or related technical field. Experience in one area of computer science (e.g., Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Quantum Information Science, Data Science, Software Engineering, or similar areas). Preferred qualifications: Currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship. Currently attending a degree program in the US. Experience as a researcher, including internships, full-time, or at a lab. Experience contributing to research communities or efforts, including publishing papers in major conferences or journals. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, JavaScript, C/C++, etc.). Ability to communicate in English fluently. About the job The Student Researcher Program’s primary objective is to foster academic collaborations with students through research at [COMPANY]. Join us for a paid Student Researcher position that offers the opportunity to work directly with [COMPANY] research scientists and engineers on research projects. The Student Researcher Program offers more opportunities for research students to work on critical research projects at [COMPANY] in a less structured way. The program allows opportunities beyond the limitations of our traditional internship program on aspects such as duration, time commitment, and working location (with options for on-site or remote). The topics student researchers work on tend to be open-ended and exploratory, and don’t always have a clear deliverable like a traditional internship would. [COMPANY] Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all [COMPANY] products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software engineers and research scientists. [COMPANY] Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across [COMPANY], maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world’s fast-paced business needs. The US base salary range for this full-time position is 106, 000−141,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at [COMPANY].